Added HammerDB (#157)
shlomi-noach/awesome-mysql: README.md

*Tools to stress your servers*

> - [HammerDB](https://www.hammerdb.com/) - An open-source database benchmark for MySQL/MariaDB and other open source and commercial databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [HammerDB](https://github.com/TPC-Council/HammerDB) - An open-source database benchmark for MySQL/MariaDB and other open source and commercial databases.
```
